okay we had a a fridge breakdown and I
was just like I'm going to get it done
I'm going to buy this fridge so because
like we need a fridge so I just went out
bought the fridge got the fridge and it
was not the fridge that Tara wanted and
Tara wanted like a silent fridge and she
wanted to do the research and I was just
like and um you know maybe once a week
for the first six months I heard about
the problems with the I can't sleep
because the fridge is so [__] loud
like it was just like this undercurrent
in our life about the fridge it was like
the fridge could do no right in the
house like there was like it was like
there was like it didn't matter if it
kept the food cold it was still a shitty
fridge and
uh and there was this you know it was
resentment it was this underlying
resentment
and you know in Tara's mind at the time
I remember I'd be like can you please
stop like beating me up over the fridge
and she's like I'm not beating you up
I'm like I I'm not like
thinking you're wrong about it I I'm
thinking that I'm wrong about it like
and it was this very confusing thing
because there's a time in our
relationship where it was very clear
anything like that would be my fault but
it it became this thing where it was it
was still in her mind and she didn't
want to blame me for it but it was just
there and it was
like and what we realized was that she
was just really angry about the fridge
and because she hadn't fully gotten to
expressed that anger it just showed up
as this resentment and the earlier form
of resentment in the early part of our
relationship would have just been blame
it would have been bub but there was
still this kind of resentment it was
almost like she resented herself for not
standing up and saying no Joe don't buy
the goddamn fridge I have a very
specific fridge I want and we're going
to buy that fridge or whatever it was
and we started to realize that like oh
whenever resentment was there in the
relationship um that there was an anger
there was some sort of frustration that
resentment was kind of a a sign of a
repressed anger that was happening and
often times the person doesn't feel
safe you know showing that anger because
I I went out and I bought the damn
fridge and I did all this work and like
well I'm going to be ungrateful for him
for taking care of the fridge or you
know and then then I'm going to get
angry at him and I've mentioned him many
times and he's already angry about it
and like it's just going to blow up and
so the way that resent typically works
is that one person is taking care of
another
person in some way that they don't want
to be taking care of I.E the fridge and
then the person starts resenting them
right like hey don't make me small don't
disempower me don't make my decisions
for me don't think that you have to save
me all the time and then that resentment
starts happening and it builds and it
builds and then it typically will become
passive aggressive you know Behavior
which we can talk about later but and
that's the resentment that's there and
what's actually happening is that
there's an anger there's like hey like
and the anger isn't it is anger but the
anger is pointing at a
boundary so it's anger I'm like don't
[__] take care of me whatever it is
don't buy the goddamn fridge until you
talk to me or
whatever but underneath that that anger
is a boundary right this is this is how
I want to interact with you the
important thing to know is that that's
really the thing that's happening under
resentment is one person's caretaking
somebody and the other person's getting
resentful and a couple ways to know that
this is happening in your relationship
one is that you get in fights over
little things that like aren't at all
like relevant if you notice you don't
want to come home or you're bummed about
when they're coming home then the resum
is fully gotten in the relationship and
so what that means when fighting is that
often times what you're fighting about
is going to be like um saturated by this
resentment meaning that you're actually
fighting about two things at the same
time I'm we're having a fight over the
fact that like my career and your career
don't match and how are we going to do
that and we're also fighting about the
fact that you never clean the [__]
coffee maker it's going to complicate
every fight that you're in it's going to
make the fights harder and harder to get
to a resolution where you both feel like
you've evolved you both feel like you've
changed and grown and so so it's really
important to address those resentments
and the best way to do that is the
person who's holding the resentment is
to move some anger draw some boundaries
and get that because often times the
resentment lingers because the boundary
hasn't been drawn right like if you can
draw the boundary then why do you have
to hold on to it because you're okay for
the future it's the fact that you don't
feel like you can draw that boundary
that makes it so that you have to hold
on to this resentment
[Music]